well howdy there internet people it's
bob again
so today we have to talk about the state
of the economy
and the state of the president because
some behavior was exhibited today
that i'm not sure is typical
of him and we do know
that after going through what he went
through there are a lot of people who
come back from it
and they aren't operating at full
capacity
and he displayed some judgment today and
did some things today that just don't
make sense not for trump
not for trump and that's how you have to
view this
not as don't look at it in policy
consideration
think about it as trump okay so to give
you the full run up
into what's occurred
the powell who's the federal reserve
chair
he said that if there wasn't a stimulus
that it could lead to a weak recovery
creating unnecessary hardship for
households and businesses
he described that scenario as tragic
he went on to say
[Music]
that if they didn't get the stimulus it
would
cause a long period of unnecessarily
slow progress
that could continue to exacerbate
existing disparities in our economy
pretty grim pretty grim coming from the
guy who in theory is supposed to know
that happened this morning this
afternoon the president
i have instructed my representatives to
stop negotiating until after the
election when
immediately after i win we will pass a
major stimulus bill that focuses on
hard-working americans and small
business
okay so the day he gets the news
that a lack of stimulus is going to be
just devastating to the economy
the president says well we're not going
to have one till after the election
set aside policy considerations as to
whether or not you
think the stimulus is a good idea or not
the day the american people were told
that we need a stimulus or the economy
is going to go
bad trump says you're not going to get
one until after the election
does that sound like trump in his entire
time in office has he ever put a policy
consideration
above what is going to help him
politically no
he hasn't i uh
i take the president to task for policy
decisions
all the time i have never insulted his
political abilities
never this is a bad
move politically that's not something
trump
does he knows his base
this is a bad move for him
we have to wonder whether or not
he had some neurological impacts during
his recent vacation at walter reed
we know that it's a possible outcome it
is actually incredibly frequent
when it comes to people who were
hospitalized
we have to consider this now it's not
just a talking point it's not just a
joke
he hadn't been back that long and he is
already doing things that are way out of
character for him
trump doesn't care about policy he never
has
and he doesn't actually care about debt
he's the king of debt i mean look at his
finances
he doesn't care about the money it's not
like it's his money it's not like he's
paying taxes and funding this
it's all about politics to him it always
has been
and here the american people get a
reminder
if the economy tanks it's donald trump's
fault
he pulled out of the negotiations
literally right after
he was told we have to have this and
they're not going to revisit it until
after the election
either the president has just completely
taken leave
of of abilities that he had
or he's given up and doesn't want to win
those uh those seem to be the most
likely options to me
because this downturn can happen
tomorrow
and with him pulling out and saying that
they're definitely not going to get it
for a month
that may cause it that that could
definitely impact
the markets the thing he likes to take
credit for that's the other side
to this not just is it not trump
politically
he's damaging the one thing that he
feels like he can take credit for right
now which is the economy
he's a failure across the board policy
wise everywhere else
with the economy in my opinion he's a
failure as well
however to his base he's not
if it goes south now it was his decision
he withdrew he said no we're not going
to do this
that that's not just a normal trump bad
decision
that to me seems like he doesn't have
all of his faculties
that he is not operating as the trump
that we knew
that he may be in that fog
neurological damage from this is a very
real thing
it is incredibly common and it appears
that it may be coming into play already
it's something that needs to be
discussed on the national level
it's something we have to talk about
because it it may get worse
we cannot have a president
who is behaving out of character who is
behaving
in an emotional or irrational way
we've got tough times ahead we need
somebody who is
who is capable of making the right
decisions
based on their own input or at least
listening to others
aside from him not thinking clearly
he's not known for listening to others
either this could be a really
really bad recipe it could lead to uh
some pretty grim scenarios anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
day